[Music]
here this Oh priest take heed o house of
Israel give ear o house of the King for
yours is the judgment because you have
been a snare to Mizpah and a net spread
on table
the revolt errs are deeply involved in
slaughter though I rebuke them all I
know if for him and Israel is not hidden
from me for now o ephraim you commit
harlotry israel is defiled they do not
direct their deeds toward turning to
their God for the spirit of harlotry is
in their midst and they do not know the
Lord
the pride of Israel testifies to his
face therefore Israel and Ephraim
stumble in their iniquity Judah also
stumbles with them with their flocks and
herds they shall go to seek the Lord but
they will not find him he has withdrawn
himself from them they have dealt
treacherously with the Lord for they
have begotten pagan children now a new
moon shall devour them and their
heritage blow the ram's horn and Gibeah
the trumpet in Ramah cry aloud at Beth
Haven
look behind you Oh Benjamin Ephraim
shall be desolate in the day of rebuke
among the tribes of Israel I make known
what is sure the princes of Judah are
like those who remove a landmark I will
pour out my wrath on them like water
Ephraim is oppressed and broken in
judgment because he willingly walked by
human precept therefore I will be to
ephraim like a moth unto the house of
Judah like rottenness when ephraim saw
his sickness and judah saw his wound
then Ephraim went to Assyria and sent to
King Jerrod yet he cannot cure you nor
heal you of your wound for I will be
like a lion to Ephraim and like a young
lion to the house of Judah I even I will
tear them and go away I will take them
away and no one shall rescue
I will return again to my place till
they acknowledge their offence
then they will seek my face in their
affliction
they will earnestly seek me